Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Bana. Once the most glorious
planet in all the universe,
ruled by a beloved
king and queen.
Under their rule, Bana
was a paradise.
But darkness took hold.
The king's envious brother, Zhong
unleashed the Space Kraken...
an ancient beast with the
power to create black holes.
Bana was shattered to pieces.
The king and those loyal to him
were sucked into the Kraken slick
along with your parents.
And since that fateful day,
Zhong has ruled what remains of Bana
with an iron fist,
enslaving everyone except for...
(snoring)
Bananny?
- Bananny?
- Except for...
(snoring)
Except for me, Chunk and Vix.
You brought the three of us
here as kids,
and we've been
hiding ever since,
down here
in an underground bunker.
When the Kraken let loose its slick,
most of Bana was torn into
thousands of pieces called shards.
Some shards disappeared into the slick,
but others were left behind.
The farthest was used as a garbage dump,
and that's where we live,
under a giant pile of trash.
Stealing from Zhong just to get by.
The end.
(snoring)
Good night, Bananny.
Have a good sleep.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Yup, the big one three.
That's like a thousand in
roach years isn't it?
Shard, sweet shard.
- Hey, how'd it go?
- Hey, buddy!
We scored big time!
We snagged a gravity module off the back
of Zhong's perimeter patrol unit.
Just what I need to finish that P-E-C!
P-E-C?
A Polaron Energy Converter.
Oh so cool.
I tell you his clowns almost caught us,
but Vix lost them in a warp chase
through a shard field.  It was craz--
It was, ah....
well, it was crazy boring.
I mean, gravity modules,
who likes that stuff?  Hah...  right?
- Mmh, what's this?
- No... no... nothing.  Just...  just junk.
Uh. hey, oh, ah, careful with that.  Ah,
seriously, Spark, take it easy, you're gonna--
ohh... hurt somebody.
Aren't you supposed
to be in bed?
After an awesome birthday
of you guys leaving me
home alone to stare at the
stars with the roaches?
I guess I was just
too excited to sleep.
Sorry, Spark.
Happy birthday.
I'm not a kid anymore,
I should be going on missions with you guys.
Maybe next year.
(sighs) I've been sitting on
this rock for 13 years.
There's gotta be more
out there for me,
like a purpose.
I believe in you buddy.
I do.
And I know Vix does,
in her irritated, never-gonna-admit-it kind of way.
You've just gotta prove to her
that you're ready for more responsibility.
How?
All clear!
Ah, oh, oh, ugh, oh, uh!
Hai-yo-ahah!
I hope you're hungry,
'cause you're about to taste bitter defeat.
Tah!  Huh!
Time to kick some asteroid.
Hi-ya!
Du-uh!
Ugh!
Ushh!
Ow!
- Sorry, Chunk.
- Yeah, it's okay buddy.
Are you hungry now?
'Cause you just got served.
Combat is focus, Spark.
You have to find your center,
your body's just flailing
all over the place.
Hi-ya! Huh!  Hah!
Wah!  Huh!  huh! ha!  Ugh!
Ugh!
Focus!
Uh, I think I just pulled a muscle...
in my entire body.
Let me give you a hand there,
Sparkster.
Duhh!
Cool huh?
I finished that holographic replicator
I was workin' on.
It's not fair.  My throat's sore,
I didn't eat breakfast, I have a...
ah, I gotta ah, ah--
Hey, you know what?  You're cheating!
That's what it is.
No one's cheating, Spark.
I  just don't think
you're old enough yet.
I am a thousand in roach years!
Well I'll keep that in mind
when we go to war with the bugs.
Tss-ah!
Why he is acting like this?
Well, he's undergoing major
myelination in synaptic pruning
in the orbital frontal cortex
in excited neuratory transmiitters.
All of which have massive  implications
on risk-taking and vulnerability to boredom.
What?
He's a teenager.
Mmm.
Yes...  yes...
A perfect likeness!
Permission to proceed
with the full-scale build.
(sighs)
You know, they called
my brother many things...
selfless ruler...
empathetic king...
loving monarch...
but they never called him...
...destroyer of planet.
Ooh, that's good.
That's really...
What?  Lowercase?
Small?  What are you saying?
N-n-n-nothing.  It was an oversight,
Your Eternal Malevolency.  I swear.
A small oversight?  Mmm?
It's that it?  You think I'm small?
- Oh n-n-no, Your Imperial--
- What?
What's wrong with being small?
Is there something wrong with that?
Nothing at all.
Okay, so I am small then.
I seem small to you.
That's what you saying?
Yes. Aah... I mean no.
I mean I wanna fix it  right away, ahh--
Koko!
Ooouuh!
I regret nothing!
Ke-ah, third artist this week.
Oh m'lady!
Do I have a surprise for you.
Not another jaywalker's head
on a pike.
No no. Much better than that.
Much better.
Mmmh.
Ha?  What do you think?
It has a much better ring to it, doesn't it?
Destroyer of the planets.
(sighs)
You're going to destroy
another planet?
(maniacally laughing)
Behold!
I found another Kraken finder.
How?
Well let's just say 13 years of search minions.
searching and minioning,
has finally paid off.
It's been exhausting for me.   Really.
What exactly are you planning?
Nothing much.
Just finding the Kraken,
destroying another planet
and having the rest of the universe
bow before me in fear!
That's all.
Zhong will rule all!
(maniacally laughing)
Why Koko laugh?
Hi-ya!
The rogue space
prodigy Spark,
has demolished every foe that
dares cross his path.
Until he comes face to face
with pure evil in a  black form.
Zhong, you tore this planet apart.
You've took my parents.
I just have one thing
to say to you:
your rule is over!
Woah, almost took your
head off there, Floyd.
You're lucky
I have cat-like reflexes.
You guys
really love bananas huh?
So what do you think?
Do you think I'm ready?
One day I'll show them.
I'll show everyone.
Adventure's overrated, dear.
Yeah,  sure.
How about a glass of nice, warm milk?
Just how you like it.
(sighs)
Can I have some of those cookies?
You know, the ones with the sprinkles on top?
Of course you can, Snookums.
(sighs)
Huh,  oooh. (inhales)
"Vix, I realize the risk,
but we must meet immediately.
"These instructions will lead yo
to a rendezvous point.  Follow them.
This is of the utmost importance."
What is this?  Soap?
Hey guys! beautiful day huh?
Hey buddy!
Man, you must really tired
after an all-night mission like that,
you should get some sleep.
Mmh, I'm just gonna work on those pointers
you gave me the other day.
You know, focusing, thinking
exfoliating, whatever.
Okay. bye bye, toodaloo.
Doah!
Who put that there?
All right!
What's gotten into him?
(snoring)
Ech!
Okay, Bananastar.
Engage silent mode and set course for Bana.
Please push the on button.
Ah, on button?
Right... okay.   Ah--
Mmmh. On button.
Thanks, Floyd.
Hey, you're not supposed to be here.
Eh, you got a point.
Ah, here we go.
The royal palace?
Okay, I was not expecting this.
So the access point is...
a sewer.
That really stinks.
Okay.
Here we go.
Throwing in
three... two... one.
Hey chimps!
Who let you out of the zoo?
Hey there banana-breath!
You wanna see a magic trick?
- A Trick?
- Uh.
"Press the green banana" ?
What?
(clearing throat)
Oh...
Hey guys!
The royal plumber here.
Yup, those pipes
are gonna have to be replaced.
I think Zhong's not getting enough fiber.
If you know what I mean.
Get him!
Intruder alert!
Seal all halls on 20.
Press the green banana!
Ouch!  Okay, okay, you got me.
Please don't shoot.
Oh...
it's just a door handle.
Huh!
Why are you here?
Where are Vix and Chunk?
Um. they were ah, busy...
so, ah, I came instead.
- I told them never to--
- Excuse me, Your Queeniness.
Wait. You're the queen? Zhong's queen?
You sent for Vix and Chunk?
I-I don't understand.
Sorry to disturb you, m'lady.
And might I say, you look
lovely this evening.
No, get on with it.
Right, okay.
There's been a break-in, so, ah,
we're gonna have to search your room.
Zhong's order.
Can we come in?
You can get lost.
We have very little time.
Here, take this.
What is it?
A Kraken finder.
Open this door, please
Give it to Vix and Chunk.
Hide it and make sure it's
never found again.
We are gonna have to,
ah, break the door down.
The fate of the universe
depends on you.
We're coming in. So sorry.
Please don't hit us m'lady.
I-I don't get it.
You're supposed to be on Zhong's side.
Things aren't always
what they seem, Spark.
Hah!
How dare you
interrupt my bath!
Oh so sorry,
Your Queenliness
Listen you imbeciles,
you will escort this handmaid outside
the castle grounds and ask no questions.
You will sweep the castle
grounds twice,
give yourselves 40 lashes
and bring me a fruit bowl.
Is that clear?
- Oh very much so.
- Yes, indeed.
If you do not follow
these royal commands,
your insolence
will be report to Zhong.
Don't ask.
Wait till you see this, Floyd.
It's the fate of the universe.
It will give Zhong ultimate power,
but...
in the right hands,
maybe it can take that power away.
Maybe... maybe that person
could do to Zhong
what Zhong did to all of Bana.
Let's go find us a Kraken!
Bananastar, take us
to the deep space.
Please push the on button.
Oh, okay, got it.
Okay, Kraken finder,
find us the Kraken.
Okay, anytime now.
Let's go.
It didn't come
with instructions.
Oh no!
No, Mr. Mangoise needs
banana cream.
Chunk, wake up!
Penn ate the pot stickers?
Spark went to the palace.
He... he has a Kraken finder.
Spark ate the pot stickers?
To the Kraken.
Come on, Kraken!
Kraken!
What's it gonna take
to get you working?
So a little Kraken finder said
"I think I can, I think I can."
Clear!
Doa!  Uh.
Tahh, stupid rock!
Koko!
My Kraken finder's been stolen.
You search every inch
of every shard in the system
until you find it.
If you come back empty-handed,
Smackery Koko for you!
Got it?
Koko should have
taken modeling job.
What's that rattling?
Bananastar, run a diagnostic.
All system normal,
source of disruption located on deck.
On deck? Where?
Behind you.
Yes...  yes!
Kraken, here I come!
Huh, must be getting close.
In there?
Okay.
Bananastar, takes us in.
Taking us in.
Activate sonar.
Activating sonar.
Whatever that is...
it's big.
It's right on top of us.
Daah!
Ew!   Oh boy!
For a minute there, I thought we
found the thing and I was like...
maybe this
wasn't such a great idea.
Ah! Reverse thrusters!
I'm sorry I don't understand
the "seekers dusters".
Evasive maneuvers!
Searching data base
for "abrasive manure".
I think...
I think it likes you, Bananastar.
This is very awkward for me.
You are lot bigger than I thought.
Tractor beams are
not gonna work on you.
Bananastar, set course for home.
Setting course for garbage shard.
Slowly.
I can't believe it!
I did it!  I did it!
You stay there girl.
I'm about to give my friends
the surprize of a lifetime.
What?
No!
Vix!
Chunk!
Oooh.
Bananny!
Spark, they took Vix and Chunk.
Who?
How about one last glass of...
warm milk.
No!
No! no no no!
Boss going to be happy.
So are you and Zimtron
still coming over for dinner?
Her name is Gort.
Right, sorry.
She have any food allergies?
Pineapple gives her gas.
Oh, what have I done?
You messed up big-time
is what you did.
Vix!
Chunk!
How could you?
I-I'm sorry.  I--
Sorry?
I don't think you
understand what you--
Your Kingpin Superintendent High Priestess...
The Mighty Zhong!
Oh boy!
Phewm!  Can you smell that?
That's the stench of garbage.
Koko found them on the garbage shard.
Imagine that.
They actually live
on that dung heap in our filth.
And yet somehow they managed
to survive and steal from me!
Thank you...   Spark is it?
For saving me the effort of
capturing the Kraken
and delivering it to my doorstep
free of charge.
The last time I used the Kraken;
who incidentally tore this planet apart,
I lost it soon after.
They're difficult to train.
So stubborn.
You can't be like:
"Kraken, sit.  Sit, Kraken.   Stay!"
They don't listen.
So I just use a
torturous force field instead.
With the press of a button, voilà!
Instant Kraken sticks
It's like having a world-destroying weapon
at your fingertips.
And three days from now...
I'll be using it
to destroy another planet.
Ah!  Here comes
my first test subject now.
The garbage shard!
Indeed.
It's time to take out the trash.
No!
We're-we're alive!
The slick must have acted like a wormhole.
So that's means?
Ah, that means
we could be anywhere.
Oh... yeah...  uh... oh.
Happy now?
You got what you wanted right?  Uuh!
Adventure?
You're a real hero
I'm sorry.
Sorry? Are you going to
apologize to the planet
that's about to be
destroyed because of you?
Are you going to apologize
to the entire universe
for handing it over to Zhong?
Are you?
Go ahead.
I'm sure that will help.
I'm sure that will
make everything just fine!
I was on your side.
Vix, wait up!
Vix!
We should've told him.
I wanted to tell him, everyday
for the past 13 years, I've wanted to.
Me too
- (sighs)
This is my fault.
I failed.
We both did.
We weren't trained for this.
We certainly weren't.
Well, let's tell him.
Spark?
Spark!
The garbage shard.
Floyd! Floyd, you made it!
Ha, it's so good to
see a friendly face.
What?
I...  come in peace.
Spark!
- Spark!
What's that sound?
What's that?
Well I did sneak a couple of
candy bars after lunch.   (laughs)
Oh, that sound.
(scream)
Ah-haah!
What do we have here?
Where'd you come from, boy?
Through a Kraken slick?
(laughs)   A Kraken slick?
That's impossible!
Ah, sir?
Ah,  we came through a Kraken slick.
Huh?  Oh right.
You've got a point, Ted.
How'd you
end up in the slick?
I was thrown in?
By who?
His name was..
Zhong.
Zhong?
You know him?
He tore our planet apart.
This used to be a part
of Bana?
Aye.
I can't believe it!
I'm from Bana.
It still exists?
Yes.  Well... what's left of it does.
And it's ruled by Zhong.
That cretin.
Come with us.
I want to hear more.
I was captain of the Royal Guard.
The soldiers you met were my men.
Or what's left of them.
And this, this is where we've lived
for the past...
13 years.
Has it been that?
Feels like an eternity.
It's like a thousand
in roach years.
Don't worry
about the lightning.
It strikes randomly.
You'll get used to it.
I don't even feel it.
See?
It's nothing.
Now, would somebody
please tell me who I am?
Ah, you're the captain.
And what are these?
Those are your hands.
Smashing.
Even if the ship worked, it would take
lifetimes to fly back.
No, you are
officially lost in space, my boy.
Roasted space rat?
No, thanks.
I'm telling you,
this is as good as it gets.
Ach!   Yuck.
Yup, this is about as far from everything
as anyone's ever been.
And I can tell you
right now that--  Ha?
What?
Your hand... it's... it's...
It's a birthmark.
But it can't be!
Don't you realize
what this is?
A.... birthmark?
The seal of
the royal family.
Only those in this bloodline
are born with the mark.
Your Royal Highness.
Fortune be praised.
I never dared hope.
The last I saw of you was the Queen
instructing Bananny to spirit you away
to some remote shard
until the day arrived when fate would beckon.
You... you know Bananny?
If the king is my father,
that's means my mother is...
He's your son?
- No!
- I thought he was dead.
Owww!
Why do you have such good aim?
I'm beginning to think
this isn't working out between us.
Do you really not get how much I hate you?
And always have.
I thought that was just
what couples did.
Bringing us an heir is
really out of the question?
Put her in solitary confinement
until I have a Kraken slick to throw her into.
Nothing happened here.
During the first few years here
things were tough.
And the
storms were vicious.
There was a tremendous flood that
wiped-out our entire village.
Your father worked tirelessly to
get everyone to safety.
And just as he lifted the
last person on to one of the rafts,
lightning struck the water.
He was the bravest, most selfless
monkey I've ever known.
He gave everything
for his people...
including his life.
I wager you'd
like some privacy.
This wasn't how
it was supposed to happen, Dad.
I was supposed find you guys,
and we'd be this great family.
But you're gone.
I messed up.
I messed up bad.
I'm sorry.
Showtime!
Hello, fellow rulers of planets.
This is Emperor
High Intercontinental Champion Zhong.
Just following-up on that message
I sent you a little while back.
You know the one:
about me taking control of your planets!
I thought you might
like to know
that I've  got
my Kraken in custody
and things are
moving along nicely.
You know the drill,
hand your worlds over to me,
or I destroy them
with the Kraken slick!
And to show you
that I mean business:
I'm going to
open a slick right near...
you!
Okay, so we have a few things
to get ready first,
and we'll be right over
to destroy your planet.
I'll see you in a little bit.
Oh...  yes!
Anyone up for some lunch?
Something to eat?   Anyone?
Ah, sure-sure I guess so.
- Sure.  Sure.
Market shop?   (-Okay.)   Yeah?   Okay?
Who's driving?   Who's got the keys?
I never thought it
would end this way, Vix.
Neither did I, Chunk.
You mean you
really think it's going to end this way?
That's means
it's really going to end this way.
No!
Vix, Chunk...
what do I do?
You save them.
Floyd, you can talk?
Spark.
Father?
Your friends are in danger.
Where?
Trapped in a cave north of the gorge.
Save them.
But I'm no hero.
I've messed up everything I've ever done.
Without failure, there is no growth.
But I might fail again.
You must be the spark of hope
for people to believe in.
That is your purpose and
place in the universe.
Fate brought you here for a reason.
Rise, Spark!   Rise!
Whoah!
Ohh!
Over here!
Leave my friends alone!
Spark, no!
Get out of here.  Go now!
Don't worry I've a chance so long
as I have this.
Oh...  well, this is gonna be
a little more difficult.
Ugh!
I can't look!
Father, if I ever needed your strength,
it's now.
Back, all of you!
Now, turn your backs!
Way to go, Floyd.
I-I can't believe it!
Tha-that was amazing!
Heh!  Let's get out of here
before they change their minds.
- Yawo!
- Sorry.
Now I know some of you have a cold right now.
And Ted you have no legs.
But the prince of Bana is out there
and he needs us.
It's okay, I'm alright.
Your Highness. Thank--
Is that... indeed?
Indeed!
- Lieutenant Vix.
- Captain!
Chunkinator!
Still watching
your waistline I see.
Lieutenant Vix?   Chunkinator?
Your Highness?
We were the youngest
members of the Royal Guard.
13 years ago, we were sworn to secrecy,
assigned by the queen to protect you.
Our mission was to hide you,
keep you safe, train and prepare you.
The queen always felt
she'd find a way to put things right again
and take Bana back.
And when that time came,
you would be ready.
I am.   We all are.
Now we just have to get back.
Oh come on!
We made the trip once, how did we do it?
By Kraken slick.
So to get back, we will need
another Kraken slick.
Ha-ha-ha!
What's funny?
So we're just gonna go
jump in a slick and  go home?
- Why not?
- Well to begin with, we're fresh out of Kraken.
And I don't think the little
guy counts as one.
What if we mde our own slick?
Oh, of course,
why didn't I think of that?
No, seriously.
What is a Kraken slick?
What is it made of?
Polaron energy.
We can harness that, can't we?
- By "we", you mean "me" right?
- Of course.
Well for us to return to
Bana...
we would need to replicate the exact
vibrational frequency
of the subatomic particles excreted
from that particular Kraken.
No idea what it means,
keep going.
Which will be nearly impossible because
we'd need a power source
capable of generating a burst
of a concentrated tachyon particles,
allowing us to open a
temporary rift in relative space-time.
So.. big power source?
Crazy big!
Ah, Chunk,
I think you might wanna--
Crazy big enough?
Ahh... yeah.
Aw, but...
What?
I would need something
like the P-E-C.
Polaron Energy Converter.
Yeah... which is back on the garbage shard,
which is-- who knows where now?
Captain! Prepare a search party.
Something's stuck to
the end of my leg.
Those will be your feet.
Outstanding.
Hey, and take anything else
you can find.
Wiring, converters, engine parts...
- Is this what you're looking for, sir?
Cold-cuts, dessert items.
You never know.
We need to start
on a plan.
The battleship
takes on Zhong's warship.
The speeders
take on the armada.
I gain access to the warship
and rescue the queen...
...I mean, my mother.
I'll alert you when I'm off the ship;
at which point, the battleship takes out Zhong.
How do we close the slick before
it swallows the planet?
Follow me here.
If what Chunk is working on manages
to do what it is
supposed to do...
Open a slick.
Then theoretically...
Theoretically it should be able
to close one.
Theoretically.
Not bad.
Not bad for insanity.
My speeders take on Zhong's armada?
The battleship
takes out the warship.
In case you haven't noticed,
our ships are junk.
We're outnumbered, outgunned.
It's impossible.
You're the captain of the Royal Guard.
You're a hero.
And you will lead your men
back through the wormhole,
and together
we will defeat Zhong.
Now, what would make
it possible?
A backup battalion.
Reinforcements.
Vix, make sure everything
keeps moving ahead.
I'll be right back.
(sighs)  He reminds me
of his father,
he has the same fire
in his belly.
Same determination.
Found it!
What did
he do now?
Stabilizer.
Conductor.
Sandwich.
Sandwich?
(sighs)
I'm on a diet anyway.
Chunk, how we doin'?
Just a few more things,
I'm almost--I'm almost  there.
He's been going a while
Shhh...   listen!
Run for your lives.
They're coming!
Aaah!
Wait! Stand your ground.
Look!
Aahh!
It's okay,
they're on our side
But...  but how?
They're the same bugs as
from back home only mutated.
They're hungry.
That's all.
We promised them all the bananas
they could eat if they helped us.
We?
Genius.
No, you're the genius.
What's happening with the--
Oh, right!
Kraken Slickinator standing by.
The reverse slick window
should be attracted to whatever slick
Zhong is opening
on the other side.
So...   we should end up
where we wanna be.
Or, somewhere
entirely different.
I'm hopung
for the first option.
People of Bana:
my friends and I have
crossed the universe only to find you.
This was no accident.
It was fate that brought us here,
to this place.
You are the citizens
of a Bana that once was,
a Bana that will be again.
Zhong laid waste
to our planet,
but together,
we're taking it back!
(cheering)
Can we go
to the bathroom first?
Yes!
Everyone stand back!
And...
A now!
Dahhh, no!
Why won't you work?
Why?
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?
Look at it!
It's working!
Oh yes!
Yes, that's it!
Come on,
pull together baby!
Yeah!
You did it!
Oh and ah,  this...
How did you--?
He's the Chunkinator.
That's how!
Outstanding, my boy.
I always knew
you'd do great things.
You know,
other than eating.
Spark, there's something else.
I ah, I found someone
in the trash.
She was in need
of a little T-L-C...
Tender Lovin' Chunk.
Bananny!
It's so good
to see you, Spark!
It's okay.
Her voice is a little different,
but otherwise,
she's the same old Bananny.
Oh, except she's weaponized.
Let's kick some asteroid!
Cool!
Kraken in position.
Universe...  be mine!
Your Exquisite
Holy Moronicus, sir,
the reverse end
of a second slick is opening
and, ah,
something is coming through.
What are you talking about?
What slick?
Did you make another slick?
Who made another slick?
Lookout!
Uh-oh!
Okay, all clear!
Hey Zhong!
You miss me?
You?
But...  you're dead!
I saw you go
through the Kraken slick.
I'm back and I've brought
some friends.
You remember
the captain and the Royal Guard?
You sent them through the slick
along with my dad.
Your rule is over, Zhong!
What are those?
Alright, you privates!
We've been waiting
13 years for this.
It's time Zhong found out
what happens
when you mess with
the Royal Guard!
Let's light that gorilla ship up.
Fire!
Attack!  Attack!
Attack!
Firing forward blasters.
You get your sorry hide
onto that battleship and sabotage it!
Do you understand?
You makeup-painted refrigerator!
Go!
Koko do everything.
Here they come.
Spark, I-I don't do well
under pressure.
Aren't there are million more capable,
less afraid of laser fire, more adept at--
Chunk, you're the
only one who can do this.  Focus!
Right.. right..  focus, right.
Chunk!  (- What?)
You're the Chunkinator.
I'm Chunkinator.
I'm the Chunkina--
Um, is that a problem?
She's headed to the battleship.
Vix, you gotta stop her.
Chunk, close that slick.
I'm off to save my mom.
See you on the other side.
What did he
mean by that?
What?
The other side of what?
Okay...   ah... right.
I think figuring out how to reverse
a polaron  charge can't be any harder than, ah...
eating that space rat sundae
last night.
I'm the Chunkinator.
I'm the Chunkinator.  I'm--
Ahhhh!
Okay, it's much harder.
Spark!
I thought you were...
I had to come back
to save my mom.
What?
How did you know?
All these years,
why didn't you tell me?
I couldn't.
If Zhong knew about you,
he would have torn what little's left of
Bana apart to find you.
And I had to at least
try and stop him
from doing more harm
than he already had.
But in the stories Bananny told me,
why didn't she say
who my parents really were?
Because I programmed her not to.
For your own protection.
Oh, Spark...
the only thing
that's kept me going
is the hope
of being with you again.
I love you, Spark.
More than anything.
Well, look what we have here.
- Oh no you don't!
- Huh?
Aaaah!
Raah!  Uuh.
Ahhh!
A mother-son reunion.
How sweet!
So, let me get this straight:
Your dumpster-diving child here,
together with
a band of old has-beens...
and some bugs,
take on my army.
Was that the idea?
(laughs)
How priceless!
You can't make that stuff up,
you really can't.
Enjoy the front row seats
to your own failure.
Aaah-uuh.
Raahh!
Aaaawugh! Uh!
All systems,
damage report!
Engineering?
Ted?
Mmmh!
The royal blunder ship
isn't looking so good now, is it?
You and your father are so
very much alike.
Both of you failed
so completely.
Speaking of my brother,
why didn't he come through the slick
with the rest of you?
Finally, someone has the decency
to stay dead.
Are the photon cannons ready?
Photon cannons ready
in T-minus 30.
Everybody get ready
for some fireworks!
Don't worry, Mom.
Mmmh.
Huh?
Muph!
Koko quit this
lousy job.
Fire photons!
What's happened?
What's going on?
Oops.
Get him!
Secure the milk and cookies.
So the isolating starter
hit the pulsing harness causing the--
Just give it here, man.
Thu-aah!
Royal Guard!
I knew that would come in handy
for something.
Amazing!
- Who are you?
- George, sir.
Curious?
What is that?
Zhong's warship.
Get us alongside
and ready the starboard torpedo bay.
Did somebody order
milk and cookies?
Oh!  Ah!
Ah!  To the escape pods!
Why don't we have
escape pods?
You wanted
the master bathroom.
Waaao!
Chunk!
Vix!
Floyd!
- Hurry!
- Ah! Engaging.
Oh why?
Why?!
Use your head!   (- What?)
Your head, bang it with your head!
More, more!
Keep going!
Oh, that's gonna hurt.
Ha-ha-haa!
Stop!
Please, you wouldn't  leave
your  uncle  behind?
Your very own
flesh and blood?
For what you
did to my father,
and what you did
to all of Bana,
I should.
But you won't,
will you?
You'll live
the rest of your life in a cell.
A very dark cell.
That's perfect, thank you.
I can do dark.
Reminds me of my heart.
Can I come on board now?
Are you hungry, Zhong?
Actually yes.
Why?
Because you about to taste bitter defeat.
Fire torpedos!
Well, look at us.
One big happy family.
My...  looking particularly divine,
oh shining jewel of my heart.
Let's put the past behind us.
Shall we?
I'm ready to look to the future
with those I...
Love....
How about a kiss?
Alright, pucker up then.
Really...?    I've only
been waiting 13  years for this.
Close your eyes.
And I've been waiting
13 years for that.
Eyaaaah!
Ahhh, look at him.
He's growing up so fast.
Mmh, God, they really do have
good buffet food here.
This reminds me of that time
you all saved the universe
and Spark took his
rightful place on the throne
and you were
there and he was there.
Bananny, that's right now.
Wake up, old girl.
Raaahahrrr!
Ready to meet
your adoring subjects?
Are you kidding?
I've been waiting
a thousand roach years for this.
Bring me my staff!
Eh-eh,  I'm getting it.
(sighs) Truth is, I don't know how
to be a prince.
I don't feel like a prince.
You are a prince.
Your father would've been
proud of you, Spark.
I wish he
could've been here.
He is.
Okay,   I'm ready.
But is the universe
ready for him?
Loyal citizens!
I give you Spark,
prince of Bana!
Mom.
Yes?
It's good to be home.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org